Complementary quotes
and resources also appear
that help to reflect
on the importance
of healthy eating and habits.
In this part you will be able
to access contact forms
like the one below.
And an article search engine
like the following.
In addition, we have included a section
dedicated to digital accessibility.
With accessible documents
and visual options
to improve reading.
For example, this PDF document.
We also found a section with other relevant
topics
such as cholesterol,
cancer or
beneficial sports
that are accessible links
that lead to different items.
Right on the side,
a number of additional resources
with links to tables.
Interactive maps.
And a wellness form?
Finally, we found a dashboard
on external links
towards viable information pages
medical, such as MEDLINE,
plus,
Major Clinic or PubMed.
Thank you for watching
this video
about our page cuidamed Plus.
We hope you find it useful
and easy to navigate.
If you want to explore more,
please continue browsing the site.